[Music]
so you're running through the airport
waiting in endless security lines
dealing with your baggage rushing yet
again to the gate ah if only you would
arrive two hours early right hmm
not necessarily and airports know that
along with lots of other secrets they're
not telling you but hey I will one
Airport agents might be watching you all
the way from the security check to your
gate some hubs have facial recognition
scanners that can easily track you
they're equipped with special software
that compares passengers faces with
their IDs to airports make lounges look
like something luxurious and unavailable
for regular travelers and so many people
fall for this image in reality one of
your credit cards is likely to provide
you with the convenience of resting in
an airport lounge just pop in and ask
who knows you might find yourself
waiting for your flight in a calm place
with free food and drinks three beware
of airport taxis they can charge you
twice the actual price of the ride if
the situation allows use online taxi
apps to order a car if you can't then
make sure to find out the rate in
advance by the way if you preorder a
taxi always ask about the charging
policy on delays otherwise you might be
in for a very unpleasant surprise for
buying bottled water at the airport can
easily make you bankrupt there's one
thing every traveler should know there
is free water at most hubs just bring an
empty water bottle through the security
check and find a water refill station
they're usually near the restrooms if
you can't find one there must be at
least a water fountain
five you'll find the most comfortable
seats next to the airport shopping area
and that's for a reason this is how
retailers lure you into their stores
imagine sitting there looking at shop
windows you're bound to notice something
you really really need sex you may have
the opportunity to check your carry-on
luggage for free at the gate be
attentive and listen for messages
announcing that a full flight is
expected that usually means there will
be a shortage of overhead bin space and
the airline will offer complimentary
check bags 7 the cheapest days to fly
our Tuesdays and Thursdays and if for
some reason you want to buy the most
expensive ticket up for a Friday
Saturday or Sunday and no wonder with
everyone moving around on the weekend if
you can afford flexible dates look for
midweek options 8 if you're sneaky
enough and understand the airport
logistics you can be the first one to
get your checked bag upon arrival all
you need to do is to check it later than
the other passengers bags that are
loaded last usually appear first on the
baggage carousel
9 even though duty-free shops have a
reputation for being cheaper than stores
in the city it's not always true for
example sweets beverages and perfumes
are likely to cost more at the airport
and be careful with what you buy in a
duty-free shop if you have a connecting
flight some airports don't allow you to
carry liquids over 3.4 ounces through
your layover destination even if they're
from duty-free and in sealed bags 10
even if your flight doesn't offer a hot
meal or snacks
it might still be cheaper to eat on
board than at the airport especially if
you have the airline's credit card in
this case you can get up to a 25%
discount on drinks and food you buy in
the air
11 airports and airlines manipulate
estimated arrival times when your pilot
announces the total flying time it often
differs from the arrival time you saw
when you were booking the flight it's
easy to explain the arrival time
includes some wiggle room for potential
small delays taxing from the runway and
so on 12 arriving at the airport two
hours before your flight isn't really
necessary of course there are ginormous
hectic transportation hubs where even
two hours might not be enough but in
most cases this Airport recommendation
is just an ingenious plan to make you
spend more money on shopping eating and
drinking after you pass all the security
checks and passport control you have the
golden hour ahead that's 60 minutes
during which you're most likely to open
your wallet to buy a coffee and sandwich
get a book to read or even spend a hefty
sum on a new perfume 13 a celebrity chef
restaurant at the airport might not be
as good as it would be if you visited
the real thing not chefs themselves but
special restaurant companies are
responsible for airport outlets one of
the reasons is extremely strict security
that surrounds airport deliveries
including food you may still have a nice
meal but it won't be the same 14 a nice
conversation with a security agent might
not be what it seems it's not that they
don't find you fascinating but getting
all chatty
could be a special technique that checks
your behavior it's their way to make
sure you aren't a suspicious character
15 airports could be selling your lost
luggage right now wait I'm not saying
there's no chance for you to get back
your suitcase that ended up in a
different destination but just as likely
you might not see it again
then an airport has all the right to
sell your misplaced belongings at an
auction most hubs hold an annual lost
luggage sale after paying an entry fee
you can bid on electronics clothes bags
and whatnot some auctions are blind you
pay for a bag without knowing what's
inside 16 if you have an opportunity
don't exchange cash at the airport
you'll never get a good rate there
anyone who's forgotten to buy some
currency beforehand can instead ordered
online and collected at the airport some
services only need several hours notice
for such an order or it might be even
better to use an ATM to withdraw some
cash at your final destination 17 some
airports have shortcuts but few people
know about them it's a good idea to
research the airport map before your
flight and look for all available routes
it'll come in handy when you're rushing
to the furthest terminal by the way in
the biggest airports the distance from
check-in to departure can be more than
half a mile law 18 a medical study found
the connection between living near an
airport and an increased risk of heart
problems surprisingly it's the result of
noise pollution apparently if you're
exposed to high noise levels especially
at night you're more likely to have high
blood pressure 19 another problem with
airports is bad air quality all those
Road machines and heavy air traffic
result in all kinds of nasty chemicals
getting into the air you breathe for
example the air over the busiest
airports regularly breaches the limits
for nitrogen dioxide pollutants
20 if you have a long layover but are
unwilling to spend it shuffling from one
store to another you could have a better
option many airports have places for a
quiet retreat for example yoga studios
or even gyms with swimming pools but
they're typically hidden away otherwise
they'll get packed with travelers look
for such places away from busy terminals
where most passengers won't find them
usually only frequent fliers take
advantage of these spots if you're lucky
you might even find a private bedroom at
a reasonable price hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life